[Cloudbuild plugin] Remove check for process.env.NODE_ENV Cloudbuild HTTP Header (#569)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/cloudbuild/.changeset/nice-dolls-tell.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-cloudbuild': patch
---

> Remove check for process.env.NODE_ENV X-Goog-Api-Client HTTP Header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue preventing the `X-Goog-Api-Client` header from being passed.
```
